README.md, before:

# Go + templ Web Application Template

This repository provides a starter template for building web applications using Go and the templ templating engine. It's designed to help you quickly set up a modern, efficient web application with a clean architecture.

## Features

- Go 1.21+ for robust backend development
- templ for type-safe HTML templating
- Live reload for rapid development
- Docker support for easy deployment
- Structured project layout following Go best practices

## Prerequisites

- Go 1.21 or later
- templ CLI tool
- Docker (optional, for containerization)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/MathisVerstrepen/htmx_templ_template.git
   cd htmx_templ_template
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   go mod tidy
   ```

3. Run the development server:
   ```
   air
   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4269`

## Project Structure

```
.
├── assets
│   └── css
│   └── favicon
│   └── images
├── components
├── handlers
├── models
├── services
├── main.go
├── Dockerfile
├── go.mod
├── go.sum
└── README.md
└── .air.toml
└── .env
```

## Development

- Use `air` to start the development server with live reload.
- Add new routes in `main.go`.
- Create handlers in the `/handlers` directory.
- Add templ components in the `/components` directory.

## Building for Production

1. Build the binary:
   ```
    go build -o bin/server
   ```

2. Run the production server:
   ```
    ./bin/server
   ```

## Docker Support

Build the Docker image:
```
docker compose build
```

Run the container:
```
docker compose up
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

📝 Update doc to add npm install for tailwind

README.md, after:

# Go + templ Web Application Template

This repository provides a starter template for building web applications using Go and the templ templating engine. It's designed to help you quickly set up a modern, efficient web application with a clean architecture.

## Features

- Go 1.21+ for robust backend development
- templ for type-safe HTML templating
- Live reload for rapid development
- Docker support for easy deployment
- Structured project layout following Go best practices

## Prerequisites

- Go 1.21 or later
- templ CLI tool
- Docker (optional, for containerization)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/MathisVerstrepen/htmx_templ_template.git
   cd htmx_templ_template
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   go mod tidy
   ```

3. Install tailwind dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

4. Run the development server:
   ```
   air
   ```

5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4269`

## Project Structure

```
.
├── assets
│   └── css
│   └── favicon
│   └── images
├── components
├── handlers
├── models
├── services
├── main.go
├── Dockerfile
├── go.mod
├── go.sum
└── README.md
└── .air.toml
└── .env
```

## Development

- Use `air` to start the development server with live reload.
- Add new routes in `main.go`.
- Create handlers in the `/handlers` directory.
- Add templ components in the `/components` directory.

## Building for Production

1. Build the binary:
   ```
    go build -o bin/server
   ```

2. Run the production server:
   ```
    ./bin/server
   ```

## Docker Support

Build the Docker image:
```
docker compose build
```

Run the container:
```
docker compose up
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
